Update node README (#228)
ethereum/c-kzg-4844: bindings/node.js/CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: For all of the markdown text (not code blocks) would you mind line wrapping the paragraphs to 80 chars?

In vim, I select the line and do `gq` to wrap.

Author: Ok. Updated.  I use vscode and manually broke the long line using the rulers.  There were a couple of urls that ran over.  I learned to not break urls for readability but am not sure of if that is your preference as well.  Please let me know if you would like them broken too.

Reviewer: Long URLs are just fine. That's my preference as well.

# Contribution Guidelines

> Thanks for your interest in contributing to the Node.js bindings for c-kzg. It's people like you that push the Ethereum ecosystem forward!!

Reviewer: It's fun, but I think we should remove that second sentence.

```suggestion
Thanks for your interest in contributing to the Node.js bindings for c-kzg-4844.
```

Author: Ok.  I committed your suggestion from the PR

## Prerequisites

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

## Setup

Open a terminal and navigate to the root of the `c-kzg-4844` repo and run the following commands if you have not already done so:

```sh
git submodule update --init # Install the blst submodule
cd src
make blst # Build blst
cd ../bindings/node.js
yarn install --ignore-scripts # Install dependencies
make # Build bindings and verify build worked
```

---

## Project Commands

> `make clean` - cleans artifacts
> 
> `make build` - prepares assets and builds bindings
> 
> `make test` - runs unit tests
> 
> `make format` - lints code
> 
> `make bundle` - builds `dist` for publishing
> 
> `make publish` - runs `npm publish`

Reviewer: I think this should be a bulleted list:
```suggestion
* `make clean` - cleans artifacts
* `make build` - prepares assets and builds bindings
* `make test` - runs unit tests
* `make format` - lints code
* `make bundle` - builds `dist` for publishing
* `make publish` - runs `npm publish`
```

Author: Ok. Updated.
